[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[lizmap-locales.adminpot]
file_filter = <lang>/admin.po
source_file = pot/admin.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[lizmap-locales.datavizpot]
file_filter = <lang>/dataviz.po
source_file = pot/dataviz.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[lizmap-locales.jacl2pot]
file_filter = <lang>/jacl2.po
source_file = pot/jacl2.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[lizmap-locales.jacl2dbpot]
file_filter = <lang>/jacl2db.po
source_file = pot/jacl2db.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[lizmap-locales.jacl2db_adminpot]
file_filter = <lang>/jacl2db_admin.po
source_file = pot/jacl2db_admin.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[lizmap-locales.jauthdb_adminpot]
file_filter = <lang>/jauthdb_admin.po
source_file = pot/jauthdb_admin.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[lizmap-locales.jcommunitypot]
file_filter = <lang>/jcommunity.po
source_file = pot/jcommunity.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[lizmap-locales.jelixpot]
file_filter = <lang>/jelix.po
source_file = pot/jelix.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[lizmap-locales.master_adminpot]
file_filter = <lang>/master_admin.po
source_file = pot/master_admin.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[lizmap-locales.viewpot]
file_filter = <lang>/view.po
source_file = pot/view.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO
